# Warranty-on-refurbished-products
We buy products at large for discounted prices and think we bag a deal. we fail to check if the products are out of the box, refurbished or second hand. When the products aren’t working the way they are supposed to work, we run to get them fixed for free but that is when we realize the warranty issues. Either the warranty is expired or there is no warranty.  Let us understand what refurbished products mean and look at the types of warranties offered. Refurbished means when a product is: Already used by someone and being resold or A product is repaired and being resold or An obsolete product or a model that is no longer in use A product which doesn’t have any box or papers Most of the times these refurbished products are sold either with seller's warranty or with a manufacturer warranty valid until 90 days from the date of purchase, which we will cover in the later part of this topic. How to identify if a product is refurbished: While it is very easy to identify if a product is refurbished or not, some easy ways are to understand what the seller says or always the best option is to ask the seller if the product is refurbished. Read the product description details carefully and check the warranty covered in case you shop online. In general, these details are pretty much advertised along with the product that is advertised online. If still unable to understand, look for the seller’s number and talk to them directly. What is the warranty period covered on refurbished products? Different sellers adapt different warranty periods on refurbished products. The most common being 90 day warranty period. If a product is not functional or partially not functional then the customer reserves every right to get it replaced (the replaced product will again be a refurbished one in most of the cases).
Sometimes, a manufacturer also provides warranty on a refurbished product for 90 day duration but that is much better than the seller providing because the overall functionality of a product can be trusted if a manufacturer provides warranty.
But again, it is customer’s discretion whether to go or not to go for a refurbished product.

